gotta see pretty little wires has been
renewed for two more seasons and the bad
news is I bet we're gonna have to wait
that long to find out who a is no I
cannot wait much longer I mean I know
that's the whole basis of the show but
still aren't you guys dying to know who
a is hey guys welcome back to Kelly TV
so excited that Pretty Little Liars is
back and we start right where we left
off Ezra has been shot we don't know if
he's gonna make it they're taking him to
the hospital and all the wires are
basically freaking out especially Aria
now they feel like they're going to find
out in this episode who a is and I'm
like whatever I'm seriously doubting
that but well you guys a little bit
surprised by the ending I mean a lot of
stuff happened in this episode and I
thought it was a really good one so
let's talk a little bit about Melissa
she has this secret she hinted about it
in the season 4 finale
she knows who was in the grave who is
supposedly Ali but who was someone
else's daughter as she says and she told
her dad who that is and she almost told
her mom and she almost told police in
this episode and her dad is like Melissa
you cannot tell anyone else especially
Spencer she says that Spencer will feel
better if she finds out so guys who is
this girl in the grave it's probably not
somebody we know but you just never know
do you guys have any ideas who it is
post those down below so a or someone
who is with the a-team or something like
that has made his way or her way into
the hospital and she's lurking around or
it's lurking around and sending text
messages that we need to follow the
leader and the liars are kind of setting
up this person and they think that they
can use Ali as a decoy to trap the
person in a park but it turns out
there's all these other people who are
claiming to be a that are dressed in
black and we're just kind of thrown off
even though the main person that they
were following or who was following them
Ali did spray them with some pepper
spray but I'm starting to think more and
more that there's a whole like troop of
people who are a and every
episode it just gets like more and more
confusing about who's the good guy and
who's the bad guy
speaking of so Shauna's hanging out at
the hospital she tells Aria that Ali
Center which totally makes sense to us
because we think that Shauna is on Team
Ali team Liars right and she's acting
kind of normal except for when she
disappears to go check on Ezra after his
let out of surgery and she forgets
conveniently to wake up aria so when
Aria goes in there to check on him as
resource to wake up and he's like
hyperventilating because he sees
something or someone who is freaking him
out yep you guys said it's Shauna and
we'll get to that a little bit later
let's go back to the girls they're
hanging out at s.res family's Theatre in
the city and they're having some bonding
time but they're not really sure if they
can still trust Ali cuz come on guys she
is shady anyway so they all fall asleep
and then someone shows up to surprise
Ali and that someone is Cece now she
hence a lot about how the two of them
look alike and I've always wondered if
PLL is gonna go along with the books and
do the twin theory so I don't know if
they're gonna say that this is her
actual sister like Cece and Ali or
actual sister slash twins or if they're
just like gonna be BFF and not actually
related but they keep saying there's
some sort of twins in this show so like
who is it guys do you guys have any
ideas yeah let me know down below
so anyway Cece is trying to get out of
the country after all we're told in this
episode that she for sure killed Wilden
so Knoll is helping out with this and
Ali gives her passport which is actually
the vivian darkbloom passport to Cece to
help her get I guess out of the country
and they give her money so she can
escape so now we're being told we should
trust Cece is Cece trustworthy what do
you guys think so Ezra is in the
hospital still and Shana has disappeared
and he is able to whisper something that
we can't hear but Arya runs out and we
can tell that whatever it is is like
super urgent and I had a pretty good
feeling that it had to do with Shana
well now meantime while this is all
going on Mona's I
super weird and she's like arranging
this I hate alley club and she even
calls the meeting of the club and we
find out that she's working with Lucas
who wasn't really a big part of last
season so he's super creepy again I
really think that Mona is like an
accessory to the I don't think she's
part of the relay team I think she's
pretending I really don't think she's
part of the Sinister a team I just think
she wants to be part of some team so
she's trying to assemble like all these
people who Ali had been mean to in the
past and this includes page and pages
like I don't really want a part of this
this is crazy and his page was trying to
leave she runs right into Melissa who
seems like she's really in Mona's Club
and then Paige is like whoa hold on a
second and she comes back in so we'll
have to see how this all unfolds but it
seems like this season
Mona is back to being evil so back with
the girls we find out that Shana has
been the one that's kind of introduced
around the black outfit sorry about that
guys Shana has been the one traipsing
around in the black outfit and she shows
up at the theater with a gun and she's
like for real trying to shoot the liars
I mean she's gone like crazy and we're
all like what what what and they're all
thinking that this is a and guys we know
better this is not really a but anyway
she definitely means business I guess we
were to assume that she was the one who
shot Ezra correct and she's talking
about how she was at the lodge and when
that whole fire thing happened a couple
seasons ago I think she may have started
the fire so I'm trying to figure out her
whole deal with this here it has
something to do with Jenna
she says she's doing this for Jenna
because I guess you know they've been
dating and Ali's like you can't trust
Jenna so what do you guys think is the
motivation behind Shauna's freakout and
the fact that she wanted to kill all the
wires and Ali and Ezra and his he was
like he was trying to go back into the
hospital and finish the job she does not
Azra but before she could shoot any of
our favorite liars area comes up behind
her with the prop gun which may be a
real gun and knocks her off the stage
and Wow we had a dead person in our very
first episode of season five there she
is on the floor and a pool of blood and
gosh that was a lot it was surprising
and the girls were like really
hugging and they're like hey was just
Saul back to normal now but we know with
two pretty much three seasons left of
the show that this is not far from over
so so much happen in this episode I want
to know what you guys think about it
because I love hearing your theories and
if you love talking about PLL then
you'll want to like this video and also
subscribe to my channel because I will
be reviewing and recapping every single
episode from season five of Pretty
Little Liars so thank you so much for
watching this episode of Kelly TV have a
great day bye bye